Update QA process (#10921)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering/README.md

See [Bug states and filters](#bug-states-and-filters) at the end of this document for descriptions of these states and links to each GitHub filter.

#### Inbox
When a new bug is created using the [bug report form](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug%2C%3Areproduce&template=bug-report.md&title=), it is in the "inbox" state. 

At this state, the [bug review DRI](#rituals) (QA) is responsible for going through the inbox and documenting reproduction steps, asking for more reproduction details from the reporter, or asking the product team for more guidance. QA has one week to move the bug to the next step (reproduced).

For community-reported bugs, this may require QA to gather more information from the reporter. QA should reach out to the reporter if more information is needed to reproduce the issue. Reporters have six weeks to provide follow-up information for each report. We'll ping them again as a reminder at three weeks. After six weeks, we'll close the bug to remove it from our visibility, but reporters are welcome to re-open and provide context.

> Once reproduced, QA should document the reproduction steps in the description, align with product on what is the desired outcome during the weekly bug review meetings, and move it to the reproduced state.

Reviewer: My concern here is bugs being delayed because they are waiting on the weekly review. Instead, we should take action on bugs immediately. How about something like this?

> Once reproduced, QA should document the reproduction steps in the description, align with product on what is the desired outcome during the weekly bug review meetings, and move it to the reproduced state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once reproduced, QA documents the reproduction steps in the description and moves it to the reproduced state. If QA or the engineering manager feels the bug report may be expected behavior, or if clarity is required on the intended behavior, it is assigned to the group's product manager. 
```
